A lambda expression is a short block of code that takes in parameters and returns a value.
Lambdas look similar to methods.
but they do not need a name, and they can be written right inside a method body.
    Syntax
The simplest lambda expression contains a single parameter and an expression.
    parameter -> expression
To use more than one parameter, wrap them in parentheses
    (parameter1, parameter2) -> expression
Simple expressions must return a value immediately. They cannot contain multiple statements, such as loops or if conditions.

    Using Lambda Expressions
Lambdas are often passed as arguments to methods.
For example, you can use a lambda in the forEach() method of an ArrayList

    Lambdas in Variables
A lambda expression can be stored in a variable.
The variable's type must be an interface with exactly one method (a functional interface).
The lambda must match that method's parameters and return type.
Java includes many built-in functional interfaces, such as Consumer (from the java.util package) used with lists.

    Lambdas as Method Parameters
You can also pass a lambda expression to a method.
The method's parameter must be a functional interface.
Calling the interface's method will then run the lambda expression.

    Anonymous Class vs. Lambda Expression
you can often replace an anonymous class with a lambda expression
but only if the interface is a functional interface (one abstract method).


What is a Lambda Expression?
A lambda expression is essentially an anonymous function.
That is a function without a name and access modifiers.
It is used to implement a functional interface (an interface with exactly one abstract method).
    Example of functional interface
@FunctionalInterface
interface Greeting {
    void sayHello(String name);
}

    Lambda Expression Syntax
(parameters) -> {body}
-Parameters: Input parameters for the lambda function.
-Arrow Token (->): Separates the parameter list and the body.
-Body: The code to be executed.
    Why Use Lambda Expressions?
1.Conciseness: Reduce boilerplate code for anonymous classes.
2.Improved Readability: Focus on the logic instead of the structure.
3.Functional Programming: Enhance code flexibility with higher-order functions.
4.Stream API Integration: Easily work with Java Streams for functional-style operations.
    Functional Interfaces and Lambda Expressions
Lambda expressions can only be used with functional interfaces.
A functional interface in Java is an interface containing exactly one abstract method,
known as a Single Abstract Method (SAM), which allows it to be implemented using lambda expressions.
Here are some commonly used ones:
1.Predicate
Represents a boolean-valued function of one argument.
2.Consumer
Represents an operation that takes a single input argument and returns no result.
